MPRIS Device Name (#1100)
Spotifyd/spotifyd: docs/src/config/File.md

# then set this to false to avoid binding errors
use_mpris = true

> # If set to true, the device name is appended to the debus path for MPRIS,
> # this allows multiple instances of `spotifyd` to run at once with MPRIS on.
> unique

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# If set to true, the device name is appended to the dbus path for MPRIS,
# this allows multiple instances of `spotifyd` to run at once with MPRIS on.
unique_mpris = false
```

Author: oh that's funny, I actually had exactly this and must've forgotten to hit save
